Certified DevOps Practitioner" Digital Badge

We have partnered up with Credly to provide you with a verifiable and recognized digital badge.

Potential employers will know that you have completed our Bootcamp successfully and are now able to work as a DevOps engineer. So this digital certificate will give you the recognition you deserve after the upcoming, long learning process and extensive practical work you will do throughout the bootcamp. 🏆

In order to make the most out of it, you should showcase your hard-earned certificate on your social profiles, so potential employers and colleagues can see.

Here an overview of all the sharing options you will have after the badge has been issued to you:



You can also download a PDF certificate, e.g. to have it included in your resume.


IMPORTANT: Validation Process to receive the Official Digital Badge
This digital credential verifies that you have completed our DevOps bootcamp successfully and you are able to work as a DevOps engineer. So this means instead of just issuing a simple "certificate of completion", we will need to verify that you have really worked through the bootcamp actively, have done all the hands-on demos to gain the practical DevOps skills this digital badge stands for.



So if you want to apply for the certification at the end of the Bootcamp, be sure to:

Create Git repositories for all the projects you build during the Bootcamp and make notes for it
Because you will need to submit your Git URLs for some of the projects incl. descriptions for it

Optionally: Make your personal study notes and include them in your certificate request, which will help attesting your study work
We recommend building a DevOps portfolio with Git repos anyway to showcase what you have built and are able to do. See next lecture :)



This is all you need to know to get started. Once you complete the bootcamp and are ready to request the certificate, you will receive more detailed information about exact steps, in the last lecture.

